(peaceful uplifting music)
(train rattling)
(peaceful music)
- Do you think they'll have changed?
- Oh, Mother, surely not in three months.
- My dear when you were there age--
- Yes I know.
And they were dragged off to the city
by some stranger as well.
- The place has been
so quiet without them.
- Yes it has rather.
(train horn whistles)
(train rattling)
- Lucien Voiceover It was your fault.
It was all your fault.
- There's papa!
(laughing)
- Lucien Voiceover Do
you know what you've done?
Do you know what you've done?
Done, done, done, done.
- You did it on purpose didn't you?
You pushed me.
- You shouldn't have got in the way then.
- I didn't!
You ran right into me
and knocked all my books on to the ground.
- I did not.
- Yes you did, I saw you.
- You liar.
(laughing)
(suspenseful music)
(wood tapping)
- Get off.
Get off!
- Who are these for?
- They're for Annette.
No don't!
No, get off!
Please give them back to
me, those are for Annette.
Oh don't, please.
- Well I think your sister's stupid.
- Oh.
(melancholy music)
I'm going to tell my daddy on you.
(cat screeches)
- What are you going to do?
- Give me my kitten back!
(laughs)
Klaus.
(groaning)
(cat meows)
Klaus.
Dani, what are you doing?
Dani!
- Klaus!
- Dani let me get him.
Dani come back.
Dani.
(screaming)
(melancholy music)
Dani!
Dani.
(suspenseful music)
(melancholy music)
(sobbing)
- Grandma Burnier Hello Annette.
- Hello.
- What have you been doing?
- Oh, not very much really.
We were helping papa,
and then I came back
to get the lunch ready.
- Isn't Dani with you?
- No, I left him with papa.
They should be back soon.
I'm glad you came to stay with us.
It was my idea.
- I'm afraid I'm getting a
bit old to be of much use,
I'll do what I can.
- Papa was going to have
to sell some of the cows
to pay for a housekeeper, seems so awful.
- I was delighted to come.
You seem to have managed splendidly.
You've become quite the
little mother haven't you?
- Working hard I see.
- Where's Dani?
- Isn't he here?
- I left him with you.
(suspenseful music)
- Dani!
C'mon Annette.
Dani!
- I wonder if Lucien knows where he is.
He was there when I left.
(suspenseful music)
Oh Madam Morell, please
my I speak to Lucien?
- Yes if you can find him, wretched boy.
All he's got to do is milk the cow for me.
- But, please, when he comes--
- Not good enough, I've got
far too much to do as it is.
- When he comes will you
ask him if he's seen Dani.
He disappeared more than an hour ago
and we haven't seen him since.
- Where did you last see him?
- Up by the top woods.
Lucien was there at the time
and I thought they might
have gone off together.
- Oh dear.
(Lucien sobs)
- What was that?
It's them.
(footsteps clattering)
- Lucien, what's the matter?
Are you all right?
- Dani.
Where is he?
What have you done with him?
Tell me. you've got to tell me!
- It wasn't my fault!
- What wasn't your fault?
- Lucien.
- Where is he?
- You do know!
- Quiet.
- You're lying!
- Madam he's got to tell me.
- Do you know where Dani is?
Do you know where Dani is?
- He's dead.
(suspenseful music)
- Where?
- Where is he?
Move.
- I'm going to kill you.
(melancholy music)
(clock ticking)
- Oh Lord, no.
- He's, down there.
- Huh?
- Keep away from the edge.
(suspenseful music)
- Be careful.
- The kitten's here.
There you go.
- Got him.
- Monsieur Burnier Can you see him?
(suspenseful music)
- Annette Be careful.
- It's all right Dani, I'm coming.
Dani?
Dani.
Oh.
- Is he alive?
(melancholy music)
(clock ticking)
- He shall give his
angels charge over thee.
- Is he going to be all right?
- Yes, I'm sure he will.
Let's get him back to the house.
Just take his ankles, very gently.
(melancholy music)
- They ought to be at the hospital by now,
poor little thing.
- Grandma, what shall we
do with Lucien Morell?
He should be punished.
But I can't think of
anything to pay him back.
- Have you ever thought
Annette that when we do wrong
it often brings it's own punishment
without anyone else interfering.
Think of how afraid Lucien must have been
when he saw Dani fall.
And how miserable he
must be feeling tonight.
Think of how afraid he must be
of people finding out what he's done,
and what they're going to say.
And then think perhaps
whether he hasn't been
punished quite enough.
And whether we could forgive him
and help him to start again.
(door knocking)
- Annette, what on earth's going on?
I can't get anything out of them at home.
- Dani's broken his leg and
it's all your brother's fault.
- What?
- Lucien dropped the
kitten into the ravine
and then Dani fell in after it.
In fact it wouldn't surprise
me if he pushed him.
- Annette, he couldn't--
- He was down there on the rocks for hours
and Lucien never even told anyone.
He could have been dead by now.
- Marie.
Annette.
I feel awful about Dani as well
but all I can do for him
now, is to pray for him.
If I allowed myself to feel
as you do, and I could,
then I wouldn't even be
able to pray for him.
God is love.
I can't go to him full of hatred
and expect him to listen to me.
Leave Lucien to God, he
rewards both good and evil.
And remember, he loves Lucien,
every bit as much as he loves Dani.
- He couldn't possibly.
- I'm afraid he does.
- Well in that case, I shall
leave the praying to you.
(melancholy music)
- He disgusts me.
Will you be all right?
I must get down to the
hotel, I'm late already.
I'll get back as early as I can tonight.
- I simply can't understand
why you didn't call anyone.
(sighs)
If that Burnier child is badly
injured, we shall be ruined.
We'll have to pay all the bills
and we can't possibly afford it.
Oh Lucien, how could you do such a thing?
Don't you want any?
Then get ready for school.
Don't let the other children bother you.
Bye bye.
(melancholy music)
(horse whinnies)
(cart rattling)
- Monsieur Burnier Go on, ey.
Oh up.
- Hello.
- Annette you should be in school by now.
- Grandma said I could
stay until you came back.
- Now let's try and get him out of here.
- Hello.
- You take his legs Annette.
- Oh you poor little thing,
what have they done to you?
- I've got to wear these white
trousers all of the time.
- Careful, careful.
(laughing)
Way up, there we go.
You alright.
- Let's get you in, we'll get you in.
There you're home again.
There you are.
- Monsieur Burnier Mind the door.
- Grandman Burnier You're back now Dani.
- Where's Klaus?
- Oh don't worry, he's
around here somewhere.
- Hey over on my bed, on my bed.
Put him over on my bed.
- I'll get him for you in a minute.
- I want him now.
- Oh, all right I'll go get him.
- Oh his leg is heavy.
There we go.
- I thought he'd have to stay in hospital.
- Well they did want him to,
but he made such a fuss I
decided to bring him home.
- I'm glad you did, it means
I can look after him now.
- There you are.
(cat meows)
Now, would you like a nice hot drink
and a gingerbread biscuit?
- Yes.
- Come on, I'll get
something for you as well.
- If you want anything,
just tell me all right?
- You know I went right down
to the bottom of the cliff.
- I know, but it wasn't your fault was it?
Dani you must promise me never to go near
that Lucien Morell
again, do you understand?
You mustn't even speak to him.
(melancholy music)
(suspenseful music)
- Let me see it.
What's the matter?
I'm not going to eat you.
Come on.
Hmm.
Do you have any proper tools?
Come with me, I'd like
to show you something.
(peaceful music)
Have you ever thought of
taking up woodcarving?
Well you should.
You've got talent.
It's not everyone who
can get a good likeness.
Come here.
(peaceful music)
Now watch.
I'm going to show you what these tools do,
now watch carefully.
(tools tapping)
You see?
The little piece out very
carefully, and not to go too deep.
The pointy ones tend to
dig right into the wood.
Yeah, have a go.
Fairly deep to begin with,
but not too near the edge.
(peaceful music)
(tools tapping)
That's right, that's right, that's good.
Now let's think what we've got to do.
We've got to clear it's head.
(talking drowned out by peaceful music)